So here is my my command line client.
So I have already logged in into the command line and here the query use EBS.
So I have used my database that showing database chains.
Then I have checked for tables.
Which tables do I have in my database?
So here is the list of tables that this is the list build customer meta info and then then I will.
Here I have shown you select aspect from login.
So this is showing the details of the logging.
Log in table is have.
Toodles.
So as the first one is the admin, you can see this row.
This row is the user is admin.
So this row don't having any metre number as admin will not have a metre number, but the customer is
having a metre number.
I will be doing and adding new admin and customer just when I run the program in this video.
Am showing showing you the database database for the reference select aspect from customers or customer.
Table is containing a single customer.
This is the same customer name and a meter number which there is an login section here in the customer
section.
Now in my SQL bill.
So in the build table we have I have shown you the bill for the same meter number month of January.
And this is the bill that is, is not paid and the meter info meter involves the same meter number of
the same customer because there is only one customer till now.
And this is the tax which we have set as default, which will only have one row to calculate the total
bill of the customer.
Now we will move to our project and run our file login file.
So here is our ID and I am going to run this login page.
I am currently in log in Java file and I will run this file.
So we will see this kind of.
Login page.
Now.
Yes.
So here the login page is this.
Now, first of all, we need to sign up for the admin.
So first I will tell, I will see you how to sign up.
So when you click on sign up, this window will open.
So we have to log in.
Sign up as admin.
So I will create a username.
So.
Here in the logging section I have user name ID and one so I will create here a m.
To add to that will be second admin.
Its name or its name will be admin two and its password will be a 2 to 3.
So and the customer create account as admin.
So let's click on create.
So it is showing that box account created successfully.
Click on.
Okay.
So this will switch us back to the login page.
Now we will log in from the create created admin account.
So a be username was adam to password was ad2 to three.
Let me show you that the details of the signup must be added in our database section.
So if I saw the login table again.
So as you can see here in this login table, admin two has been added as soon as we have signed up from
our page.
So now let's log in to the page.
So I will hit login with the admin two and as soon as I click on login so this page will appear.
This is the page for the admin.
So here is in the section master.
When we click on master, you can add customer new customer customer details, deposit details and calculate
bill.
Here are its shortcuts as well.
And then utility.
You can use notepad calculator or use web browser from logout.
The admin can log on.
Now I will tell you how to add a customer so we will go and no new customer.
So it is the customer table.
Here is the customer window.
So I will be adding the customer lets customer name or there is a customer named customer.
So I'll be adding cost to C USD two and the meter number is as we produce the randomly and the address,
let's suppose it's address is a.
Delhi and the city address is.
See.
One, two.
Let's suppose and city is.
The League and its state is the only.
And see now it's email is.
Customer to Adelaide G mail dot com and phone number is 2234567890.
Now we'll take on next.
So it is showing that customer details added successfully on okay so as it is showing that customer
details are added successfully, let us check in our database.
That is it.
His data has been stored or not.
So they will check in from select extract from customer data.
So it is showing us to its meter number, its address, it's Delhi, Delhi, NCR cost to advertise gmail.com
and its mobile number.
So the customer details have been added in our database as well.
Now here is the meter information.
So it is showing meter number.
Either we can select here from a meter location outside or inside.
Let's suppose we will click on inside meter type electric meter, solar meter, smart meter.
Let it be a solar meter and face code.
Let's change it to 0 to 2 and its billing type normal note industrial days are default 30 and by default
the bill will be calculated for 30 days.
Let's click on Submit.
So it is showing a dialog box that is showing a meter info added successfully show it is showing us
that the metal info added successfully.
Click on.
Okay.
Now check that the meter info has been added or not.
So we'll be checking from meter info table.
Select the information for table hit enter.
So it is showing that the meter number and as we have changed the location inside and it is the kind
of solar meter and it's 0 to 2, it is a build type of normal and these are 30.
So till now everything is working fine.
Let's now we have check for the new customer.
This is admin login, remember?
Now we will check for the customer details.
So if we click on customer details, this table will be produced.
Here is the this is the table.
So it is showing to customers as one of the previous one and the second one which you have added just
so this is how we can check admin can check for the customer details.
Now.
Uh, let's.
Go back to again window and show deposit details.
Let's check for the deposit details.
So.
This is the window for the deposit details section.
We will select the meter number here.
We will select the meter number, which we just have added for the January Mint.
Let's search it.
So it is not showing the deposit details as the deposit has not been created yet.
But if you click for the previous one and search, so it is showing that its bill has been generated
but the state has not paid that for the second one.
It is not showing because we haven't generated the bill.
So let me generate the bill and then we will come back to here and see that it is working or not.
Let's move back to the admin portal again, master.
So we have deposit bill calculate bill.
Let's calculate the bill.
So calculate electricity bill.
We will be generating bill for the calculating bill.
763 The new customer which we have added units consume let's separate units consumes are eight unit
consumed and for the January summit.
So it is showing customer bill updated successfully.
Now the customer bill is updated.
Let's check again deposit details.
So now it is showing here.
Now it is showing here for the 7636 meter number of month January eight units and total bill is that
and it is status is not paid so now it is working fine we will select the meter number.
So it will show you only one row as well.
So this is this is deposit details is working fine now.
Now let's move again to the admin portal and utility section when you click on notepad.
So a notepad will appear that you can use if you want to use this for the reference and if.
Click on calculator, the calculator will appear here, the standard calculator you can use for that
calculation as well.
And for web browser, when you click on web browser, web browser will also appear.
So.
Wait a minute.
Yeah.
So these are for the reference.
Now, let's log out from the admin section and log in from the customer section.
So we will be logging out now for the customer.
First we have to sign up as well.
So for the signup username we will be using the same username which we have added by the admin.
So the username for the customer too.
Here you can see that username for the customer too is a.
Here the customer too.
So we will be writing username ask us to and its name as course tomato and its password at c ust 2 to
3.
And it will be as customer.
So we have to write its meter number as well.
So meter number is 76326, six, seven.
So let's create the issuing account created successfully here, the dialog box account.
Okay.
It will move us back to the login page.
So we will now enter the username cost two and it's password.
So you stay 2 to 3 and select it as customer and let's log in.
So this will be the login page for the customer.
Now in a customer can update information, so we will update information.
Here's the update information table.
So let's change its address.
First address will be suppose a three, four, two.
It's said it will be changing to.
New Delhi.
And Valencia remains him.
Let's change its email.
Customer.
Four, five, six two and its mobile number to any random can enter.
Let's update.
So it is showing details updated successfully.
Let's check those are updated or not from the customer table.
So it is it has been changed here.
You can see address 3834 to New Delhi Delhi NCR Customer 456 200 small number has been updated successfully
in the database as well.
So let's update information as we now view information.
So this is the information of the customer name and everything has been shown for the customer.
Now let's click on Black Back and inside the user table section.
So this is the table section.
You can select the month appropriate month for to pay the bill.
And first January four, the generators generated.
So when you click on paste so the bill will be paid and let's click on back and.
It is.
So this will be the details for the particular customer.
It is showing that every month that is not paid the status which we have and haven't paid.
So this will be the bill detail.
How can a customer can check the bill now report to generate bill?
So this is the generate bill.
We have selected January here, January and click on Generate Bill.
So here the bill is generated total payable amount for the 763626 meter number that is customer two.
That is all the details for the generate bill section and.
Similarly here, the Utility and Logout Page, so click on logout and cancel the login button.
So here we have updated everything and let's check again that the meter bill info.
Let's check select tax reform bill.
So here you can check for the bill has been also generated for the not paid as well.
So everything is working fine in this project.